Concordium client release October 2022 (#616)
Concordium/concordium.github.io: source/mainnet/net/references/concordium-client.rst

name. If it's omitted, all accounts in the file are imported under their
existing names.

.. Note::

>    When importing keys that have been exported from |bw|, ``--name`` must be included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When importing keys that have been exported from |bw|, the ``--name`` option must be provided to name the account.
```
